President Wang
How can we cancel this contract if we say it is cancelled?
We Zhongtian Group
All the work has been focused
It's all about the cooperation of Tongtian's important affairs
If suddenly cancelled
How big will our loss be?
It's not just us who have losses.
The contract is cancelled
You will have a lot of losses for important things
Besides, such a big loss
Is that something you, a president, can afford?
I hope you can do it three times
Are you threatening me?
dare not dare
I just hope President Wang will not be too impulsive.
think thrice before acting
Who said if you Zhongtian
Insisting on suspending the duties of President Zhang Xueyao
Then I decide
Cancel the contract between Zhongtian and Tongtian Keys
If you think the loss caused by the cancellation of the contract
Not my little key to the sky
The key president can afford
Feel free to call us anytime
Chairperson of the Tianyao Group
Who is it?
Hello Chairperson Wu
I am Bai Yanxue, a shareholder of Zhongtian Group
What's the matter?
Is that so?
Just now?
Our President Wang Shuting
He wants to cancel this Tongtian Pharmacy
Cooperation with Zhongtian Group
Hey, you said I was kind enough to persuade him
Said it would cause huge losses
What happened?
He told me he didn't care
And also said
If I think there is any dissatisfaction?
You can call Chairperson Wu at any time.
He also said it was useless for me to call you
You listen to him anyway
Hey Chairperson Wu
I don't think he can keep someone like that
You really have to think about it.
To see if he should be suspended as president